

today is significant because it is the 2nd of three parent complaints in progress. it definitely feels easier than the third but is still frustrating in terms of the time it takes to prepare, the mental disruption and time taken for the interview.  
For Megan Slight my approach will be to highlight that:
- the modern approach is student led projects within a context that provides them choice
- there is much less (almost none) front of classroom teaching and students are expected to find their own way to a large degree
- I am there to provide support and facilitation but some students will do their best work outside of class

Overall, I need to pare back further.  Task sheets are the only way to go





## Braindump

Starters:
- What burning ideas do I need to dump right now?
- What emotions are dominating my thoughts?
- Podcasts I'm listening to and need to capture
- Videos I watched and need to harvest
- Thoughts I had
- Books I'm reading with notes

ANSWER >>
_______________


_______________

## PLD - Term 2

Starters:
- Pick an area of classroom management that you feel you would like to develop – for example, how to start or end a lesson well, or how to manage checking students’ prep without it taking up the entire lesson. (Ideas for this may arise from observation feedback you receive).
- Visit four teachers and observe their strategies for dealing with the particular focus you have in mind.

ANSWER >>
_______________
General:


Assessments:


Unit plans:

_______________

## Clean your space - do it!


- [ ] Refactor [[Learn 2 Teach Kanban]]
- [ ] Check Twitter for rolled threads
- [ ] Check email
	- [ ] gmail
	- [ ] outlook
- [ ] Check Substack
- [ ] Check Twitter for news
- [ ] Check YouTube
- [ ] Check https://getliner.com/my-highlights
- [ ] Check Pocket
- [ ] 

## What do I want to learn today?

## What have I learned today?


## What takeaways do I have for tomorrow?


## What am I grateful for?

